[DOCS] Specify number of jobs in build docs (#22571)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/dev/build_linux.md

     cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ..
     cmake --build . --parallel
   ```

>    The process may take some time to finish. If you are using a system with limited resources, it is advisable to specify a lower number of parallel jobs to avoid overwhelming your system. This can help maintain system responsiveness and stability during the build process. Use `nproc` to find number of processing units available. For example, to use 8 parallel jobs, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The process may take some time to finish. If you are using a system with limited resources, it is recommended to specify a lower number of parallel jobs to avoid overloading your system. This can help maintain system responsiveness and stability during the build process. Use `nproc` to find the number of available processing units. For example, to use 8 parallel jobs, run the following command:
```
